---
layout: post
title:  "WPLotto - Wordpress Lottery Plugin"
author: sal
categories: [ PHP, WordPress ]
image: https://codecanyon.img.customer.envatousercontent.com/files/252121166/cover.jpg?auto=compress%2Cformat&fit=crop&crop=top&max-h=8000&max-w=590&s=6ece5eb994d7b10625627a66e0b0bec1
---
WP Lotto is a Online Lottery Wordpress Plugin. its a Standerd custom Lottey Plugin made for those people who wants to start there own lottery website with wordpress. Lotto Support 16+ Most popular online payment method including Bitcoin. Its Suitable for Online Lotto, Professional Lottery, Daily Lottery and Jackpot.  

## Features Included:

*   Fully Customizable
*   Lightweight
*   No Conflict With Another
*   Asset Optimized
*   Wordpress 3.x, 4.x support
*   Well Documented Code
*   Hassle free
*   Initial Data Imported
*   Plug And Play
*   Bullet Proof Security
*   Miner Package Management.
*   Miner Price.
*   Deposite Management.
*   Withdrawal Managemnt.
*   16+ Payment Method.
*   Deposit Logs.
*   Transectional Logs.
*   Unit Management.
*   Hash Management.
*   Easy to Purchase.
*   And More…

## Shortcodes:

**[currency]** (Get System Currency):  
Available attribute is type. supported value of type is name and symbol. _EX: [currency type=”symbol”]_  

**[lottos]** (Generate a table):  
Available attribute is status, limit, offset, order, order-by, date-format. _(EX: [lottos order=”DESC” order-by=”price”])_ supported values

*   status=”1|3|-1” 1 means running, -1 means jackpot, 3 means expired. default is 1
*   limit=”10” any numeric value. default is 9999999
*   offset=”10” any numeric value. default is 0
*   offset=”10” any numeric value. default is 0
*   order=”ASC|DESC” default is ASC
*   order-by=”id|price|start|end” default is id
*   date-format=”d M, Y” default is d M, Y

**[draws]** (Generate a table):  
Available attribute is type, lot-id. _(EX: [draws type=”all”])_ supported values

*   type=”all|recent|single” default is all
*   lot-id=”1”, lotto id. If draw type is single then it will be used for getting lotto draw results. default is 0

## Demo Access:

Demo Access: [http://plugin.rexbd.net/wp-lotto/](http://plugin.rexbd.net/wp-lotto/)  
User: lotto-admin | Pass: lotto-admin